move it
lost her key ma'am no not me key me pan
it's always sat there empty this Hut
that is till the night afore the battle
a man arrived what right in like to his
own peering at the goings-on cuz next I
knew there he was come in my way I
grabbed me pan the protection see he
just asked Saul polite grin got me birch
bark by chance
loyal it berries or even a few cones no
says I and you must be right doctor
pester folk at night was such foolery
just staring at me pan like a magpie or
a copper lend it to me grin I'll give it
back come on what's he doing frying in
the dark I know I've got a soft art so I
gave it to him interesting
what happened then forward dawn another
road up to the hut but come on only the
first falla left locked the door hopped
on his horse and that were all I saw of
him and me pan her old black west sorts
not worth much I suppose but I have no
other would you help me Derry bring an
old widower pan I could never break down
that door myself I don't truth I'm
afeard take away
such a stench wafting out methinks the
other fellow well that usually under
never taken on a pan contract fine I'll
go in look around you should wait here
just in case
of course explains distension his throat
he was garroted and some old scars kind
of soldier might have what nothing
documents almost entirely burned a few
pieces still vegetable when I gap huh
the priceless frying pan hmm
scrubbed clean looks like the mystery
man didn't need the pen so much as the
soot off it to make ink write letters
here your frying pan ohyeah but mine
were black was sort and I could see
myself in this and if I wanted for them
user parsed it was the cert the man
needed he scraped it off to make ink
must have had an urgent letter to write
urgently burned some other documents to
and and the other fellow did round up a
few boys and bury him outside the
village deep so the necrophagous don't
dig him up and take my advice don't
mention mister enough guardians hang
about you weren't a token of thanks
right up the nice whitefish